more-info-xref-guideline: Updating the doc_guidelines.adoc with for m… (#73514)
openshift/openshift-docs: contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc

====
\include::modules/module-filename.adoc[leveloffset=+1] <1>
====

> ----

Reviewer: I don't think this is the right fix. I think the `====` around the example above need to be changed to `----`. and the leading `\` removed. Then I think it will render properly as a callout

====

[id="links-conditionals-assemblies"]
== Links, hyperlinks, and cross references
Links can be used to cross-reference internal assemblies or send readers to external information resources for further reading.

In OpenShift Container Platform docs:

* All links to internal content is created by using an `xref`, and each `xref` **must have an anchor ID**.
* Only use `xref` in assemblies, not in modules.
* All links to external websites are created by using the `link` attribute.
* Links between different distributions, or _distros_, such as from ROSA to OpenShift Container Platform, are external links and not cross-references. These external links use `link` instead of `xref` and must be in distro-specific files or a conditionalized state to apply to the relevant distros.

[IMPORTANT]
====
Do not split link paths across lines when wrapping text. This will cause issues with the documentation builds.
====

[id="lead-in-link-sentences"]
=== Lead-in link sentences

To maintain consistency across OpenShift Container Platform documentation, ensure that you adhere to the following guidance for lead-in link sentences:

> * Use the following format when pointing to a section in the same document: `For more information, see "<section_name>."`

Author: Yes, I agree. The bulleted list is scattered, so I separated the bullet points under 3 headings:

- No xref or link possible
- xref posible
- link possible

Let me know what you think.

* When pointing to a link in a section that exists in another customer product document, use the `For more information on <topic>, see "<section_name>" in _<document_name>_.` format. Note the quotation marks around `<section_name>` and the italics around `<document_name>`.
* When pointing to a link that exists external to Red Hat's customer portal documentation, use the `link` attribute, place the link in an _Additional resources_ section, and use the `<document_heading_name> (<document_source>)` format. For example, see link:https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/localzones/features/[AWS Local Zones features] (AWS documentation).

[NOTE]
====
Certain Red Hat resources, such as Knowledgebase articles, exist in a separate server location to Red Hat customer portal documentation. For these resources, use the `link` attribute format.

For more information, see link:https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#rh-kb-links[Links to Red Hat Knowledgebase articles] (Red Hat supplementary style guide for product documentation).
====

> .Additional resources

Author: Yes, the latter. I'll remove this heading. Just wanted to abide by my own wording :smile:

In OpenShift Container Platform docs:

* All links to internal content is created by using an `xref`, and each `xref` **must have an anchor ID**.
* Only use `xref` in assemblies, not in modules.
* All links to external websites are created by using the `link` attribute.
* Links between different distributions, or _distros_, such as from ROSA to OpenShift Container Platform, are external links and not cross-references. These external links use `link` instead of `xref` and must be in distro-specific files or a conditionalized state to apply to the relevant distros.

[IMPORTANT]
====
Do not split link paths across lines when wrapping text. This will cause issues with the documentation builds.
====

[id="lead-in-link-sentences"]
=== Lead-in link sentences

Using a lead-in link sentence that adheres to guidelines maintains consistency across OpenShift Container Platform documentation.

For situations where you cannot use the `xref` attribute, such as referencing a module within a module, ensure that you adhere to the following guidance for lead-in link sentences.

> * Use the following format when pointing to a section in the same document: `For more information, see "<section_name>."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the following format when pointing to a section in the same document: `For more information, see "<section_name>".`
```

* Wrap the `<section_name>` string in quotation marks. The section name can be the title of a module or an assembly.
* Do not state "in the Additional Resources section" or other variants. Mentioning the `<section_name>` is enough to prompt a documentation user to find the section in the same document.

> For situations where you can use the `xref` attribute, adhere to the following guidance:

Reviewer: I think this is much better broken up like thise, but I'd recommend doing some subheadings in addition to these sentences, just to make it easier for people to scan and jump to the right section

Author: Yes, good point. Should I add IDs to the following L4 headings?

- ==== Lead-in link sentence style for non-xref situations
- ==== Lead-in link sentence style for the xref attribute
- ==== Lead-in link sentence style for the link attribute

+
[source,text]
----
[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* xref:../../../installing/installing_vsphere/installation-config-parameters-vsphere.adoc#installation-config-parameters-vsphere[Installation configuration parameters]
----
* When pointing to a link in a section that exists in another customer product document, use the `For more information on <topic>, see "<section_name>" in _<document_name>_.` format. Note the quotation marks around `<section_name>` and the italics around `<document_name>`.

For situations where you can use the `link` attribute, adhere to the following guidance:

* When pointing to a link that exists external to Red Hat's customer portal documentation, use the `link` attribute, place the link in an _Additional resources_ section, and use the `<document_heading_name> (<document_source>)` format. For example, see link:https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/localzones/features/[AWS Local Zones features] (AWS documentation).

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: Should this note have a "+" to be indented with the above bullet point?

====
Certain Red Hat resources, such as Knowledgebase articles, exist in a separate server location to Red Hat customer portal documentation. For these resources, use the `link` attribute format.

For more information, see link:https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#rh-kb-links[Links to Red Hat Knowledgebase articles] (Red Hat supplementary style guide for product documentation).
====

> * For more information about the differences between the _Additional resources_ and _Next steps_ headings, see xref:additional-resources-sections[Additional resources sections].

Reviewer: I think this info might be out of place now. We're only talking about the in-line text for leading in. Not links that are in the additional resources or next steps sections, right? 

wdyt?

Author: True. Removed. Thanks!

> * For more information about the `xref` and `link` attributes, see xref:links-conditionals-assemblies[Links, hyperlinks, and cross references].

Reviewer: Maybe put this in both the xref and the link section?

```
* For more information about using `xref`, see xref:links-conditionals-assemblies[Links, hyperlinks, and cross references].
```
in the xref section. and in this link section:
```
* For more information about using `link`, see xref:links-conditionals-assemblies[Links, hyperlinks, and cross references].
```

==== Lead-in link sentence style for the link attribute

For situations where you can use the `link` attribute, adhere to the following guidance:

* When pointing to a link that exists external to Red Hat's customer portal documentation, use the `link` attribute, place the link in an _Additional resources_ section, and use the `<document_heading_name> (<document_source>)` format. For example, see link:https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/localzones/features/[AWS Local Zones features] (AWS documentation).
+
[NOTE]
====
Certain Red Hat resources, such as Knowledgebase articles, exist in a separate server location to Red Hat customer portal documentation. For these resources, use the `link` attribute format.

For more information, see link:https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#rh-kb-links[Links to Red Hat Knowledgebase articles] (Red Hat supplementary style guide for product documentation).
====

> * For more information about using `xref`, see xref:links-conditionals-assemblies[Links, hyperlinks, and cross references].

Reviewer: Move this line up to the xref section

In OpenShift Container Platform docs:

* All links to internal content is created by using an `xref`, and each `xref` **must have an anchor ID**.
* Only use `xref` in assemblies, not in modules.
* All links to external websites are created by using the `link` attribute.
* Links between different distributions, or _distros_, such as from ROSA to OpenShift Container Platform, are external links and not cross-references. These external links use `link` instead of `xref` and must be in distro-specific files or a conditionalized state to apply to the relevant distros.

[IMPORTANT]
====
Do not split link paths across lines when wrapping text. This will cause issues with the documentation builds.
====

[id="lead-in-link-sentences"]
=== Lead-in link sentences

Using a lead-in link sentence that adheres to guidelines maintains consistency across OpenShift Container Platform documentation.

==== Lead-in link sentence style for non-xref situations

For situations where you cannot use the `xref` attribute, such as referencing a module within a module, ensure that you adhere to the following guidance for lead-in link sentences.

> * Use the following format when pointing to a section in the same document: `For more information, see "<section_name>".`

Reviewer 2: Related to earlier comment https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/73514#discussion_r1534278322, I did have to do some soul-searching here about what "document" meant. I believe eventually I got the gist of it through context clues around these and other sections, but just a thought (possibly out of scope for PR) that maybe we should do a quick/short definition of "module", "assembly", "document" at the outset of these guidelines overall.

FWIW, there are also a few references to "guides" elsewhere in this file (though those are internal "style" or "reference" guides).

> * Use the following format when pointing to a section in the same document: `For more information, see "<section_name>".`

Reviewer 2: If the other similar suggestions are taken, then this one too:
```suggestion
* Use the following format when pointing to a section in the same document:
+
[source,text]
----
For more information, see "<section_name>".
----
```

* Wrap the `<section_name>` string in quotation marks. The section name can be the title of a module or an assembly.
* Do not state "in the Additional Resources section" or other variants. Mentioning the `<section_name>` is enough to prompt a documentation user to find the section in the same document.

==== Lead-in link sentence style for the xref attribute

For situations where you can use the `xref` attribute, adhere to the following guidance:

> * When pointing to a section that exists in the same documentation set, create an _Additional resources_ section in the assembly file and then place the xref as a bulleted item under this section. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When pointing to a section that exists in the same documentation set, create an _Additional resources_ section in the assembly file and then place the `xref` as a bulleted item under this section. For example:
```

+
[source,text]
----
[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* xref:../../../installing/installing_vsphere/installation-config-parameters-vsphere.adoc#installation-config-parameters-vsphere[Installation configuration parameters]
----

> * When pointing to a link in a section that exists in another customer product document, use the `For more information on <topic>, see "<section_name>" in _<document_name>_.` format. Note the quotation marks around `<section_name>` and the italics around `<document_name>`.

Reviewer 2: Could this be formed as a block example (like the previous bullet) instead of inline code/example?
```suggestion
* When pointing to a link in a section that exists in another customer product document, use the following format:
+
[source,text]
----
For more information on <topic>, see "<section_name>" in _<document_name>_.
----
+
Note the quotation marks around `<section_name>` and the italics around `<document_name>`.
```
This also has the benefit of the underscores not rendering in-line as italics when viewing the rendered GitHub Markdown (as it's doing currently), and they remain viewable in the source block:
<img width="834" alt="image" src="https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/3442316/854d76f7-699f-483b-9365-89125be3d8f6">

> * When pointing to a link in a section that exists in another customer product document, use the `For more information on <topic>, see "<section_name>" in _<document_name>_.` format. Note the quotation marks around `<section_name>` and the italics around `<document_name>`.

Reviewer 2: "customer product document" also threw me for a small loop, as another new name for a type of content. I assumed with this bullet being in the "Lead-in link sentence style for the xref attribute" that it means another guide/top-level-book within the openshift-docs repo, however I notice now that there's no actual `xref` in this example? So now I'm not sure, and wondering if this bullet is in the right place?

For more information about using `xref`, see xref:links-conditionals-assemblies[Links, hyperlinks, and cross references].

==== Lead-in link sentence style for the link attribute

For situations where you can use the `link` attribute, adhere to the following guidance:

> * When pointing to a link that exists external to Red Hat's customer portal documentation, use the `link` attribute, place the link in an _Additional resources_ section, and use the `<document_heading_name> (<document_source>)` format. For example, see link:https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/localzones/features/[AWS Local Zones features] (AWS documentation).

Reviewer 2: Would also prefer this one as a block vs in-line example, as at first read I couldn't tell if "For example," was part of the guideline text or part of the example itself. Also I would have expected to see an example of the bullet in an "Additional resources" section.

Would the following be accurate / match intent?
```suggestion
* When pointing to a link that exists external to Red Hat's customer portal documentation, use the `link` attribute, place the link in an _Additional resources_ section, and use the `<document_heading_name> (<document_source>)` format. For example:
+
[source,text]
----
[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* link:https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/localzones/features/[AWS Local Zones features] (AWS documentation)
----
```

+
[source,text,subs="+quotes"]
----
For more information, see "<section_name>".
----
+
* Wrap the `<section_name>` string in quotation marks. The section name can be the title of a module or an assembly.
* Do not state "in the Additional Resources section" or other variants. Mentioning the `<section_name>` is enough to prompt a documentation user to find the section in the same document.

==== Lead-in link sentence style for the xref attribute

For situations where you can use the `xref` attribute, adhere to the following guidance:

* When pointing to a section that exists in the same documentation set, create an _Additional resources_ section in the assembly file and then place the `xref` as a bulleted item under this section. For example:
+
[source,text,subs="+quotes"]
----
[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* xref:../../../installing/installing_vsphere/installation-config-parameters-vsphere.adoc#installation-config-parameters-vsphere[Installation configuration parameters]
----
* When pointing to a link in a section that exists in another OpenShift Container Platform document, use the following format:
+

> [source,text,subs="+quotes"]

Reviewer 2: I don't think you want the `subs="+quotes"]` in here, because that makes it render the underscores as italics, when we're trying to show the source. Currently looks like:
<img width="930" alt="image" src="https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/3442316/a4ae7242-969d-46d0-8c72-62cf3728a31b">

Suggest simply the following so that it comes through verbatim (at least it did for me in a quick test yesterday):
```suggestion
[source,text]
```

----

> For more information on <topic>, see xref:["<section_name>"] in _<document_name>_.

Reviewer 2: I see the `xref:` and square brackets have been added here now, however it looks like it's missing part of the syntax. Should this be:
```suggestion
For more information on <topic>, see xref:<path_to_file>["<section_name>"] in _<document_name>_.
```
And this would only be when linking from an assembly, I guess?

Unfortunately, I also feel like I'm starting to get more confused about the relation or difference between this and the previous bullet. 😵

----
+
Note the quotation marks around `<section_name>` and the italics around `<document_name>`.

For more information about using `xref`, see xref:links-conditionals-assemblies[Links, hyperlinks, and cross references].

==== Lead-in link sentence style for the link attribute

For situations where you can use the `link` attribute, adhere to the following guidance:

* When pointing to a link that exists external to Red Hat's customer portal documentation, use the `link` attribute, place the link in an _Additional resources_ section, and use the `<document_heading_name> (<document_source>)` format. For example:
+
[source,text,subs="+quotes"]
----
See link:https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/localzones/features/[AWS Local Zones features] (AWS documentation).

> ----

Reviewer 2: So this block is _not_ showing the _Additional resources_ part of the example, and is instead showing "use the `<document_heading_name> (<document_source>)` format" from within the running body text as well? Apologies if I'm not connecting the dots correctly.

Author: I did not want to call out that one can create a module-level or assembly-level Add. resources section so I did not include an example in the code block. Should I?

Author: @adellape

Reviewer 2: > I did not want to call out that one can create a module-level or assembly-level Add. resources section

Is the operative word there "create"? Since it does mention "place the link in an _Additional resources_ section". Sorry, feel like just I'm splitting hairs at this point, I don't think we need to drag it out any longer. 🙃 

> so I did not include an example in the code block. Should I?

I don't think so. I think "place the link in an _Additional resources_ section" is clear enough what they should do, just wanted to make sure I understood the full set of things we're saying to do.

Reviewer 2: OK actually, I have now just read the later thread here https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/73514#pullrequestreview-2001169258

Author: @adellape . Is the PR right for merging; need another review; item pending?

In OpenShift Container Platform docs:

* All links to internal content is created by using an `xref`, and each `xref` **must have an anchor ID**.
* Only use `xref` in assemblies, not in modules.
* All links to external websites are created by using the `link` attribute.
* Links between different distributions, or _distros_, such as from ROSA to OpenShift Container Platform, are external links and not cross-references. These external links use `link` instead of `xref` and must be in distro-specific files or a conditionalized state to apply to the relevant distros.

[IMPORTANT]
====
Do not split link paths across lines when wrapping text. This will cause issues with the documentation builds.
====

[id="lead-in-link-sentences"]
=== Lead-in link sentences

Using a lead-in link sentence that adheres to guidelines maintains consistency across OpenShift Container Platform documentation.

==== Lead-in link sentence style for non-xref situations

For situations where you cannot use the `xref` attribute, such as referencing a module within a module, ensure that you adhere to the following guidance for lead-in link sentences.

> * Use the following format when pointing to a section in the same document:
> 
> [source,text,subs="+quotes"]
> ----
> For more information, see "<section_name>".
> ----

Reviewer 2: This isn't indenting correctly:
```suggestion
* Use the following format when pointing to a section in the same document:
+
[source,text,subs="+quotes"]
----
For more information, see "<section_name>".
----
```

* Wrap the `<section_name>` string in quotation marks. The section name can be the title of a module or an assembly.

* Do not state "in the Additional Resources section" or other variants. Mentioning the `<section_name>` is enough to prompt a documentation user to find the section in the same document.

==== Lead-in link sentence style for the xref attribute

For situations where you can use the `xref` attribute, adhere to the following guidance:

> * When pointing to a section (module) that exists in the same document (assembly), create an _Additional resources_ section in the assembly file and then place the `xref` as a bulleted item under the _Additional resources_ section. For example:
> 
> [source,text]
> ----
> [role="_additional-resources"]
> .Additional resources
> * xref:../../../installing/installing_vsphere/installation-config-parameters-vsphere.adoc#installation-config-parameters-vsphere[Installation configuration parameters]
> ----

Reviewer 2: Indentation:
```suggestion
* When pointing to a section (module) that exists in the same document (assembly), create an _Additional resources_ section in the assembly file and then place the `xref` as a bulleted item under the _Additional resources_ section. For example:
+
[source,text]
----
[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* xref:../../../installing/installing_vsphere/installation-config-parameters-vsphere.adoc#installation-config-parameters-vsphere[Installation configuration parameters]
----
```

> * When pointing to a link in a section (module) that exists in another OpenShift Container Platform document (assembly), use the following format:
> 
> [source,text]
> ----
> For more information on <topic>, see xref:<path_to_file>["<section_name>"] in _<document_name>_.
> ----

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When pointing to a link in a section (module) that exists in another OpenShift Container Platform document (assembly), use the following format:
+
[source,text]
----
For more information on <topic>, see xref:<path_to_file>["<section_name>"] in _<document_name>_.
----
```

Note the quotation marks around `<section_name>` and the italics around `<document_name>`.

For more information about using `xref`, see xref:links-conditionals-assemblies[Links, hyperlinks, and cross references].

==== Lead-in link sentence style for the link attribute

For situations where you can use the `link` attribute, adhere to the following guidance:

> * When pointing to a link that exists external to Red Hat's customer portal documentation, use the `link` attribute, place the link in an _Additional resources_ section, and use the `<document_heading_name> (<document_source>)` format. For example:

Reviewer 3: To avoid conflict with [add'l resources rules](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#additional-resources-sections)
```suggestion
* When pointing to a link that exists external to Red Hat's customer portal documentation, use the `link` attribute, and use the `<document_heading_name> (<document_source>)` format. For example:
```

Author: Thanks. Updated.

Author: Added the "why" to this entry:

![Uploading Screenshot from 2024-04-15 15-52-31.png…]()

> * When pointing to a link that exists external to Red Hat's customer portal documentation, add the `link` attribute, and use the `<document_heading_name> (<document_source>)` format. For example:
> 
> [source,text]
> ----
> See link:https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/localzones/features/[AWS Local Zones features] (AWS documentation).
> ----

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When pointing to a link that exists external to Red Hat's customer portal documentation, add the `link` attribute, and use the `<document_heading_name> (<document_source>)` format. For example:
+
[source,text]
----
See link:https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/localzones/features/[AWS Local Zones features] (AWS documentation).
----
```

== Links, hyperlinks, and cross references
Links can be used to cross-reference internal assemblies or send readers to external information resources for further reading.

In OpenShift Container Platform docs:

* All links to internal content is created using `xref` and each `xref` **must have an anchor ID**.
* Only use `xref` in assemblies, not in modules.
* All links to external websites are created by using `link`.

> * Links between different distributions, or _distros_, such as from ROSA to OpenShift Container Platform, are external links and not cross-references. These external links use `link` instead of `xref` and need to be in distro-specific files or a conditionalized state to apply to the relevant distros.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Links between different distributions, or _distros_, such as from ROSA to OpenShift Container Platform, are external links and not cross-references. These external links use `link` instead of `xref` and must be in distro-specific files or a conditionalized state to apply to the relevant distros.
```

[IMPORTANT]
====
Do not split link paths across lines when wrapping text. This will cause issues with the documentation builds.
====

[id="lead-in-link-sentences"]
=== Lead-in link sentences

To maintain consistency across OpenShift Container Platform documentation, ensure that you adhere to the following guidance for lead-in link sentences:

> * Maintain the `For more information, see <section_name>.` format when pointing to a section in the same document.

Reviewer 3: This bit got clipped in the update :)
```suggestion
* Maintain the `For more information, see "<section_name>".` format when pointing to a section in the same document.
```

> * Maintain the "For more information, see <section_name>" format when pointing to a section in the same document.

Reviewer 3: Might be better to wrap this in backticks so you can put he actual `"`s where they would go, e.g.
```suggestion
* Maintain the `For more information, see "<section_name>".` format when pointing to a section in the same document.
```

> * Wrap the _<section_name>_ in quotation marks, where _<section_name>_ can refer to either a module or an assembly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Wrap the `<section_name>` string in quotation marks. The section name can be the title of a module or an assembly.
```

> * Do not state "in the Additional Resources section" or other variants. Mentioning the _<section_name>_ is enough to prompt a documentation user to find the section in the same document.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Do not state "in the Additional Resources section" or other variants. Mentioning the section name is enough to prompt a documentation user to find the section in the same document.
```

> * When pointing to a link that exists in another customer document, use the "See "<section_name>" in _<document_name>_" format. Note the quotation marks around _<section_name>_ and the italics around _<document_name>_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* When pointing to a link that exists in another customer document, use the `See "<section_name>" in _<document_name>_.` format. Note the quotation marks around `<section_name>` and the italics around `<document_name>`.
```

> * When pointing to a link that exists in another customer document, use the `See "<section_name>" in _<document_name>_.` format. Note the quotation marks around `<section_name>` and the italics around `<document_name>`.

Reviewer: To be consistent with the recommended format, should this be:

```suggestion
* When pointing to a link that exists in another customer document, use the `For more information, see "<section_name>" in _<document_name>_.` format. Note the quotation marks around `<section_name>` and the italics around `<document_name>`.
```

> * When pointing to a link that exists in another customer document, use the `See "<section_name>" in _<document_name>_.` format. Note the quotation marks around `<section_name>` and the italics around `<document_name>`.

Author: "a separate product area section of the documentation" is a long noun+prep. string. How about:

> When pointing to a link in a section that exists in another customer product document

> * When pointing to a link that exists in another customer document, use the `See "<section_name>" in _<document_name>_.` format. Note the quotation marks around `<section_name>` and the italics around `<document_name>`.

Reviewer 4: Agree and like your proposal

> * You can add link sentences to either the _Additional resources_ section or the _Next steps_ section, but know the following differences:

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this is accurate. I thought that the mod docs template didn't want us to use full sentences in the additional resources section.

If we want to get into the difference between additional resources and next steps, I would separate that out into its own section instead of burying it here under the link sentences

Reviewer 3: What's a better term for "link sentences" here? I gathered he meant the title without extra text, but you're right that it would be more clear to avoid saying "sentence" at all - I wasn't sure what to suggest though

Reviewer 4: In the contributing guide, "link and xref text" is used. So maybe just "text"? That way its clear that this shouldn't be a sentence.

Author: We must consider when piinting to links that exist outside of a document (another Red Hat product document). How best to handle this case? Add the document name in parentheses?

Example:

> For more information about Cryostat's default event templates, see [Event templates]() (Using Cryostat to manage a JFR recording).

Author: Best to go with this wording as threee variants exist according to our guidelines: 

![Screenshot from 2024-03-22 09-46-45](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/783d8c89-fbb2-44db-8423-a3d62522353f)

Author: The mod doc guidelines has a few variations to their Add.R examples. Here is a complete sentence used in one example:
 
![Screenshot from 2024-03-22 09-48-06](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/3764b7b8-049a-40ce-8496-9bbf1d3be66d)

I think we need to focus on what format is best for conssitency across OCP docs. OCP docs take on their own specific guidelines in certain instances if I'm correct?

Author: Thanks, @jeana-redhat . How about:

> When pointing to a link in a section that exists in another customer product document, use the `For more information on <topic>, see "<section_name>" in the _<document_name>_ documentation.` format. Note the quotation marks around `<section_name>` and the italics around `<document_name>`.

Reviewer 3: I'm a bit lost at this point about which line we're discussing :sweat_smile:

Author: :smile: True that, Jeana. I need to detail a few more variances as I was thinking too narrowly. Here is the sentence under the lens:

>  When pointing to a link in a section that exists in another customer product document, use the `For more information on <_topic>, see "<section_name>" in _<document_name>_.` format. Note the quotation marks around `<section_name>` and the italics around `<document_name>`.

> ** Additional resources - module level: This section is optional. The listed resources link to other material closely related to the contents of the module. Focus on relevant resources that might interest the user. Do not list resources for completeness

Reviewer 3: All of these are optional
```suggestion
** Additional resources - module level: The listed resources link to other material closely related to the contents of the module. Focus on relevant resources that might interest the user. Do not list resources for completeness.
```

> ** Additional resources - module level: Requires the `.Additional resources` section heading. The listed resources link to other material closely related to the contents of the module. Focus on relevant resources that might interest the user. Do not list resources for completeness.

Reviewer: What does the last sentence mean? Just not to list every possible thing they might want to see? Adding suggestion

```suggestion
** Additional resources - module level: Requires the `.Additional resources` section heading. The listed resources link to other material closely related to the contents of the module. Focus on relevant resources that might interest the user. Focus on including the most relevant resources for the user, not a full list of possibly related resources.
```

> ** Additional resources - assembly level: Similar to the previous item, but if a resource applies to all of the modules in a user story, consider listing the resource in the _Additional resources_ section of the assembly file. If you do this, consider mentioning the resource in the module as a comment.

Reviewer 3: For these two, consider showing their different markup (`.Additional resources` vs. `== Additional resources`) to help identify/clarify

> ** Additional resources - assembly level: Requires the `== Additional resources` section heading. Similar to the previous item, but if a resource applies to all of the modules in a user story, consider listing the resource in the _Additional resources_ section of the assembly file. If you do this, consider mentioning the resource in the module as a comment.

Reviewer: I don't understand what this is supposed to mean: "If you do this, consider mentioning the resource in the module as a comment."

Reviewer 4: I feel that this is more of a personal housekeeping type of thing and not necessarily something to mention in guidelines. If an author wants to keep track of where they link to modules within the module file itself, they'll have their own system for doing it.

Author: Here is an [example](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.15/installing/installing_vsphere/ipi/installing-vsphere-installer-provisioned.html):

![Screenshot from 2024-03-22 10-08-44](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/12b237e4-6d74-4231-98a6-99629be55f5d)

The install docs are very inter-linked and complex. I need to add an additional resources link as a recent overhaul pulled out this section, but the "comment" is an example for the above guidance.

Reviewer 4: Ah ok, I think I mistook "as a comment" to mean a "/" comment that a writer may place in their module file to keep track of all the places they link. 

Perhaps, "If you do this, consider mentioning the resource in the `See "<section_name>" in _<document_name>_.` format."

Reviewer 3: Yeah, if you leave that line in, I would call it something other than a "comment" for clarity :) But honestly, I don't feel that bit is needed since we already talk about how to refer to add'l resources.

Author: Yeah, good points. I see where the confusionn lies. I removed this sentence as the style, I think, generally only applies to the Installation docs because of all those ifdefs.

> ** Additional resources - assembly level: Requires the `== Additional resources` section heading. Similar to the previous item, but if a resource applies to all of the modules in a user story, consider listing the resource in the _Additional resources_ section of the assembly file. If you do this, consider mentioning the resource in the module as a comment.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
** Additional resources - assembly level: Requires the `== Additional resources` section heading. If a resource applies to all of the modules in a user story, consider listing the resource in the _Additional resources_ section of the assembly file. If you do this, consider mentioning the resource in the module as a comment.
```

Reviewer 4: I would suggest not relating this to a preceding bullet. Let it be its own thing, even if it is similar.

> ** Next steps: This section is optional. Provide links to resources that contain instructions that might be useful to the user after they complete a module or assembly. Do not use the _Next steps_ section to provide detailed instructions to documentation users.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
** Next steps: Provide links to resources that contain instructions that might be useful to the user after they complete a module or assembly. Do not use the _Next steps_ section to provide detailed instructions to documentation users.
```

* xref:../configuration/product-settings.adoc#installation-parameters_product-settings[Product installation configuration parameters]
----

> You can add link, hyperlinks, and cross references to either the _Additional resources_ section or the _Next steps_ section, but know the following differences:

Reviewer: This says you're adding links TO these sections. Should be "IN" instead?

```suggestion
You can add link, hyperlinks, and cross references in either the _Additional resources_ section or the _Next steps_ section, but know the following differences:
```

* xref:../configuration/product-settings.adoc#installation-parameters_product-settings[Product installation configuration parameters]
----

You can add link, hyperlinks, and cross references in either the _Additional resources_ section or the _Next steps_ section, but know the following differences:

> * Additional resources - module level: Requires the `.Additional resources` section heading. The listed resources link to other material closely related to the contents of the module. Focus on including the most relevant resources for the user, not a full list of possibly related resources.
> * Additional resources - assembly level: Requires the `== Additional resources` section heading. If a resource applies to all of the modules in a user story, consider listing the resource in the _Additional resources_ section of the assembly file.
> * Next steps: Provide links to resources that contain instructions that might be useful to the user after they complete a module or assembly. Do not use the _Next steps_ section to provide detailed instructions to documentation users.

Reviewer 2: Potential spot for a description list?
```suggestion
Additional resources - module level:: Requires the `.Additional resources` section heading. The listed resources link to other material closely related to the contents of the module. Focus on including the most relevant resources for the user, not a full list of possibly related resources.
Additional resources - assembly level:: Requires the `== Additional resources` section heading. If a resource applies to all of the modules in a user story, consider listing the resource in the _Additional resources_ section of the assembly file.
Next steps:: Provide links to resources that contain instructions that might be useful to the user after they complete a module or assembly. Do not use the _Next steps_ section to provide detailed instructions to documentation users.
```

* xref:../configuration/product-settings.adoc#installation-parameters_product-settings[Product installation configuration parameters]
----

You can add link, hyperlinks, and cross references in either the _Additional resources_ section or the _Next steps_ section, but know the following differences:

Additional resources - module level:: Requires the `.Additional resources` section heading. The listed resources link to other material closely related to the contents of the module. Focus on including the most relevant resources for the user, not a full list of possibly related resources.

> Additional resources - assembly level:: Requires the `== Additional resources` section heading. If a resource applies to all of the modules in a user story, consider listing the resource in the _Additional resources_ section of the assembly file.

Reviewer 2: Minor suggestion just to drill this home:
```suggestion
Additional resources - assembly level:: Requires the `== Additional resources` section heading with a unique anchor ID. If a resource applies to all of the modules in a user story, consider listing the resource in the _Additional resources_ section of the assembly file.
```

Author: Yeah, good point. I found a vSphere ID in Nutanix docs recently and it was driving builds crazy. A poor copy and paste operation.

|Table style operators

> |A style operator styles the content of a table cell or a table column, depending on where you set the operator. Using the literal (`l`) operator in a column might impact the documentation platform's copy and paste functionality. For example, when you paste copied code block content to a location, the first styled literal value in an assembly is pasted instead of the intended code block. When using any style operator in a table, check all copy and paste functions that follow the defined style operator work correctly for all code blocks in an assembly.

Author: Removed the `m` literal workaround as this also has its own issues. This style literal causes indented items to render as one single string.
